README.md, before:

# Peace

A cross-platform OpenGL visualization that creates peaceful, meditative waves with floating orbs. Sometimes, code should just be beautiful. Now with zoom capabilities inspired by Claude Code's visualization!

![Peaceful Waves](peaceful_waves.gif)

## Features

- **Full-screen immersive ocean waves** with multiple animated layers
- **Beautiful color gradients** transitioning from deep ocean blues to sunset peaches and lavenders
- **Floating glowing orbs** that drift peacefully across the scene
- **Interactive zoom** - scroll your mouse wheel to zoom in and out of the wave field
- **Shimmer effects** creating realistic water surface reflections

## Building

This project builds on Linux, macOS, Windows, and BSD systems. Simply run:

```bash
make
```

### Prerequisites

- **Linux**: `libgl-dev`, `libglfw3-dev`
- **macOS**: `brew install glfw`
- **Windows**: MinGW/MSYS2 with GLFW
- **BSD**: `pkg install glfw` (or equivalent)

## Running

For the best experience with zoom and full-screen waves:
```bash
gcc -Wall -O2 -o waves waves.c -lGL -lglfw -lm && ./waves
```

Or run the original version:
```bash
make run
```

### Controls

- **Mouse scroll up**: Zoom in
- **Mouse scroll down**: Zoom out

## A Poem About This Code

```
In a world of frameworks, bloat and haste,
Where megabytes pile up in waste,
Here lies a program, small and clean,
One hundred lines of peaceful scene.

No npm, no cargo, no abstract tower,
Just waves that dance by sine's own power,
OpenGL speaks in vertices bare,
While colors shift through mathematical air.

Each platform gets its special way,
From Darwin's fruit to BSD's bay,
Windows too, with all its walls,
Can run these simple function calls.

The waves don't crash, they gently roll,
Five layers deep, translucent soul,
While orbs float by in lazy arcs,
Like digital fireflies in the dark.

This isn't code to change the world,
No venture funds, no flags unfurled,
Just proof that sometimes less is more—
A meditation at the core.

So compile it, run it, watch it flow,
Let shifting colors come and go,
In this mad rush toward the complex,
Sometimes peace is what comes next.
```

## The Intention

In an era of electron apps consuming gigabytes of RAM to display "Hello World", this project is a small rebellion. It's a reminder that beautiful, cross-platform software can still fit in a single C file.

The waves are intentionally hypnotic, the colors deliberately soothing. This isn't about performance metrics or feature lists. It's about creating a moment of digital tranquility using the simplest tools available.

Sometimes we need to remember that not every program needs to be a platform, not every tool needs to be a framework, and not every visualization needs a GPU compute shader. Sometimes, 117 lines of C and some trigonometry are enough to create something peaceful.

## License

Do whatever brings you peace.

Commit message:

Make waves the default program
Updated Makefile to build and run waves.c as the default target.
This provides the full immersive ocean experience with zoom capabilities,
replacing the simpler peaceful visualization. Also fixed compiler warning
about unused variable.

Generated-by: Claude AI
Signed-off-by: Luis Chamberlain <mcgrof@kernel.org>

README.md, after:

# Peace

A cross-platform OpenGL visualization that creates peaceful, meditative waves with floating orbs. Sometimes, code should just be beautiful. Now with zoom capabilities inspired by Claude Code's visualization!

![Peaceful Waves](peaceful_waves.gif)

## Features

- **Full-screen immersive ocean waves** with multiple animated layers
- **Beautiful color gradients** transitioning from deep ocean blues to sunset peaches and lavenders
- **Floating glowing orbs** that drift peacefully across the scene
- **Interactive zoom** - scroll your mouse wheel to zoom in and out of the wave field
- **Shimmer effects** creating realistic water surface reflections

## Building

This project builds on Linux, macOS, Windows, and BSD systems. Simply run:

```bash
make
```

### Prerequisites

- **Linux**: `libgl-dev`, `libglfw3-dev`
- **macOS**: `brew install glfw`
- **Windows**: MinGW/MSYS2 with GLFW
- **BSD**: `pkg install glfw` (or equivalent)

## Running

Simply run:
```bash
make run
```

Or build and run manually:
```bash
make
./waves
```

This creates the complete peaceful waves experience with full-screen animated ocean, beautiful gradients, floating orbs, and interactive zoom!

### Controls

- **Mouse scroll up**: Zoom in
- **Mouse scroll down**: Zoom out

## A Poem About This Code

```
In a world of frameworks, bloat and haste,
Where megabytes pile up in waste,
Here lies a program, small and clean,
One hundred lines of peaceful scene.

No npm, no cargo, no abstract tower,
Just waves that dance by sine's own power,
OpenGL speaks in vertices bare,
While colors shift through mathematical air.

Each platform gets its special way,
From Darwin's fruit to BSD's bay,
Windows too, with all its walls,
Can run these simple function calls.

The waves don't crash, they gently roll,
Five layers deep, translucent soul,
While orbs float by in lazy arcs,
Like digital fireflies in the dark.

This isn't code to change the world,
No venture funds, no flags unfurled,
Just proof that sometimes less is more—
A meditation at the core.

So compile it, run it, watch it flow,
Let shifting colors come and go,
In this mad rush toward the complex,
Sometimes peace is what comes next.
```

## The Intention

In an era of electron apps consuming gigabytes of RAM to display "Hello World", this project is a small rebellion. It's a reminder that beautiful, cross-platform software can still fit in a single C file.

The waves are intentionally hypnotic, the colors deliberately soothing. This isn't about performance metrics or feature lists. It's about creating a moment of digital tranquility using the simplest tools available.

Sometimes we need to remember that not every program needs to be a platform, not every tool needs to be a framework, and not every visualization needs a GPU compute shader. Sometimes, 117 lines of C and some trigonometry are enough to create something peaceful.

## License

Do whatever brings you peace.
